Uhuh, What's up ladies?
How y'all doing?
OH! What's up baby?
ATL, Dave Mack, Kells
We up in here, uh
This is for all the ladies, uh, all around the world
On your mark, get set, GO!

Callin' all girls, all around the world
We wanna get to know you (everywhere)
Callin' all girls, all around the world
We just wanna' love you (girls, girls, girls, girls)

In every mall around America, It really doesn't matter where you are
We are talking to you, ladies ATL is on the way
In the back of the club of the range rove
Take your hand and turn up the radio, trying to holla at you
It's them country boys from around the way

Who wants some real love in their life?
Wave your hands in the air (get em' up ladies!)
Now scream it out OOH YEAH!!
Who needs some real love in their life?
Wave em' side-to-side (common!),
Now where are all the sexy girls at? (Where you at )

Callin' all girls, all around the world
We wanna get to know you (we wanna get to know you)
Callin' all girls, all around the world
We just wanna' love you (girls, girls, girls, girls)

Now, every city, every block around the globe
Every girl, every area code
We be in your town (in your town )
Show us some love
Cause there's one girl, for each one of us guys
And we just wanna switch them numbers
And perhaps call you sometime

Who wants some real love in their life?
Wave your hands in the air, now scream it out OOH YEAH!!
Who needs some real love in their life?
Common and wave em' side-to-side, now where are all the sexy girls?

Callin' all girls, all around the world
We wanna get to know you (Oh)
Callin' all girls, all around the world
We just wanna' love you (ATL where we going?)

Going world wide (yeah, oh ho)
Going world wide (ladies around the world, get ready)
Going world wide (we commin to your town, hoo)
Going world wide (yeah)

I like em' brown, yellow, Porto Rican or Haitian
Slim, thin waist with a beautiful face and
Yeah, you know though you got the Manolo Timbs on,
yes headstrong rolling for dollo
I see you in the summer time wearing capris
Looking so good it feel like a 100 degrees
Mami please, I need me a chick to stay down
Hittin so many cities, they call me greyhound
I'm searchin for the finest, the type of girl that's rough
But still a diamond, tastes like Phyllis Haimand
I'm looking for a mami, a girl that'll chill and discuss
And play the cut, don't be sayin' too much
But I'm not consuming them, some say that I ruin them,
a 20 cent dude,
I'm known for baggin' two of them
That's how we doing them, it ain't hard to tell
You need to holla at the boys called ATL

Callin' all girls, all around the world
We wanna get to know you (We wanna get to know you)
Callin' all girls, all around the world
We just wanna' love you (We just wanna' love you)

ATL, we callin' out
Chi town, we callin' out