
We thuggish ruggish niggas always, always,
and ready to bring the war up your way, if you hate
Look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me
Would you look into my eyes?
Look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me
Could you tell me what you see?


Comin' through the door with my militia, wanna be gready big niggas?
Fuck you all, but they ain't no bodyguards
My niggas is stone cold killers, bitch
Steppin' out the limos the bitch soldiers maintain
Givin' my babies all of my money, but my diamonds steady be shinin'
My gang, you know me. Homies got more love
And I'm blessed, when I'm outta my sentence
Pump my fist to Mo Thug, gotta keep the Lord up over my shoulders
Jesus sent me his roll or loco, sober, load a revolver, hold up
Now, buck 'em all to Hell, 'cause I'm showin' 'em
And I seen that the bulletholes was too much, no luck
you get tored up, all of you niggas just gonna have to search us,
send us your bodyguard, now get sewed up
Hold up, and wait a minute
It's time for Bone Thugs, 'cause you all think that you can get it, get it




What makes a nigga think he can bite my shit and call his shit original?
What's worse, tellin' people you made the style we put down three fuckin' years ago
And that's just like a nigga wanna take all the credit
I bet it didn't even occur that we would eventually meet with you, kid
Don't crash, collide, lock up with the enemy
And I don't wanna say a nigga's name and all that
but a you all fin to get stomped, let 'em loose
And they heard the news, you run up, you could get dead, oh
Uh-huh, hey, we murder motherfuckers in a deadly way -
fully automatic when we let 'em lay
"Aw shit! Get down, Leatherface."
Fuck 'em all, if I can't get my respect
Come on, now, put them to rest
What a bloody, bloody mess, but nevertheless, we won't stress
I figured this platinum got you actin' like you got to be me
It's all in your mind, but in time, you'll find we as real as we speak




All I see is this soldier, pistol in holster, givin' you the most
I toast to them thugs
Nigga, nothin' but the love of bud that we brought to the table
And a nigga wanna test, catch slugs, put 'em in the mud
Harmony smooth with the thug shit, mo murder to the fools that clone
Five niggas on top with the roughness,
And it's war when you craft these Bones we can get it on
And I'm referrin' to all of you all bitches
you all know who you all are when you all tried that
Rollin' with the E since ninety-three, shuttin'
shit down in the industry, nigga, can you bite that?
I know you all niggas wanna roll with pros, and make friend of foes
But we chosen - God done blessed us with His potion
pure devotion, freely spoken, baby
Niggas can't see us never, stay together, my click too clever
Ridin' through the days of the stormy weather
Remember: eternal, it means for everlastin'
#1 Assassin blastin', bashin' on all you niggas's what I'm doin'
All of the heavens gonna be ruined'
choose when he come, we won't be losing proven 'em wrong




I see five killer realer niggas ready to roll wherever I go
True to pull the trigger, smother a nigga, put 'em in a river
We the killers, and that's for sure
Niggas out there clownin' mine, you can't rhyme, the style you got is all mine
And when I see you, bitch, I'm goin' in your pockets double-time
And it's like that, you don't want that
Come and get some pap, pap. Wanna sound like?
Wanna be like? Nigga, we can't have that
Why a nigga wanna bite the Bone shit? Platinum raps
Nigga bet that bitin' shit ain't doin' nothin', tryin' to make somethin' outta nothin'
Fuck it, let's peel caps, buck 'em all down
Put 'em in check, fuck 'em up with the 44 mag, I'm glad
'cause when you're fuckin' with Bone, we sendin' 'em home in a bodybag
Now, look into my eyes, bet you see a realer killer thug puttin' it down with
harmony, harmony

