Huh...here i go yall
ok what is in () is what is being said in tha back ground...
Some of the words i DON'T know and IF YOU DO PLEASE TELL ME
Let's get down

Birdman! (lady's and gentlemen) mm-huh!
Jazzy Fizzle product-shizzle my nizzle. oh boy! wit lil bow wizzle (bow wizzle)
Ay...ay, I see you wit shorty huh. Take her to tha mall pimp! (ah-huh)

 Okay!

 show me how lil man roll! (ooowwee!)


I know this chick named Nicole
They call her boochie
didn't wanna shop nowhere but Gucci (but gucci)
And Burberry and Prada was her style (ok)
I'm tryin to tell yall that shorty could get down (uh-wow)
Conversations Amazing
In my phone, shorty's in heavy rotation (4-sho)
Thinkin to myself like, this is the one
Broke her down, told shorty how to do this hun! (4-sho)
Neva gave her tha cold shoulda'
if she's in the benz, I let her take ova' the Rova (vrrm-Vrrm!)
Then it's off to the movies, tell her
i'm like austin, Let's get Groovyyyy!
From tha movies to tha crib
Git her keys for ya heard that's what I did, And! (ok)
I'll find me another one
more interesting, more fun
Tha pimping just begun!


 It's really, really nice to meet cha' ma (what's hap'nin)
I'm really,really diggin yo style (yo style)
Say you wanna go chill wit a balla huh (bow weezy Baby!)
Let's get Down!


it's really, really nice to meet ya boy
ya know i'm really diggin yo style
ya know i wanna chill with a balla so
Lets get down!


Ay! I see what cha doin' lil bow wow (uh-huh)
Ya had a date.
Ya did that. Now I want you to go world wide with it.
East coast, west coast, mid-west, and down bound.


I know this girl named Cindi (ok)
loves to rock Fendi (wow)
when she leaves the mall
the stores is all empty
Eastcoast, New York, my up town chic (wow)
I see her when i cruiz the park and 106 (holla)
Next...Her name is Ra'nette (ghetto chic)
she lives on the west side i hit the L.A.X (ok)
I'm so impressed by the way that she dress (she got gear)
She walks like a model, the girl is so fresh (so fresh)
I got a few of them, here's what I do to them (what chu' do?)
take 'um out, try to teach somethin new to them (hah-ok)
It's no thang, when you heavy in the game
I got anotha' one who loves th mid-west swang! (st, loi-e)
She's from the show-me state
So i showed her the BM a quater to eight, hey! (do yo thang)
I know you caught on late
but that's 7:45
Now shorty,now let's ride
Hop in the wip!




Ay! now i'm about to test ya' p's lil bow wow.
(uh-huh) See lil one ova' there.
She bout 25, and she been lookin at cha'.
Pull ova' there in ya ride on 22's and bust her out!


I know this girl named keisha
she's no groupi
but far from a star
22's made her choose me
like oowwee!
tellin' all her friends in the benz
'he don't really look 16 do he?'
One 12, youngest thing in tha scene
couldn't believe when i seen 
how she sqeezed in them jeans
looks like a tight situation
make a young man make flight reservations
just step, no intimidations
i'm bow wow boo
accept no imitations
should have seen tha looks on they faces
the Ice plus light, makes for good converation
you tellin me
it's a felony, to yell at me
I blew her mind she was dazed momentarily
but luckily
she stayed for some theropy
I stay pimpin heavily
my game spittin therolly (ha ha ha)



Sha-ty (shorty) ya lookin fly boy. sertified.
Ya went platinum. Round tha world coast to coast.
Ya good wit me. ya get a stunna Certification.
R.R.A.A. ya good playa. lil bow weezy.
it's yo turn shine baby (shine baby boy) do you lil daddy. (do U)
Bow weezy baby!......
Live it up bird call baby!
Sha-ty (shorty) 5ft pimpin' boy.
ya good wit me lil one. let's roll!

