
I don't know dude...
I think everyone's all jealous and shit cause I'm like the lead singer of a band dude...
And I think everyone's got a fucking problem with me dude...
And they need to take it up with me after the show...
Because...


These chicks don't even know the name of my band...
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands...
Cause once I blow they know that I'll be the man...
All because I'm the lead singer of my band...


So I get off stage right and drop the mic
Walk up to these hot chicks and I'm all like
"What's up, ladies? My name's Slim Shady.
I'm the lead singer in D12 baby"
They're all like "Oh my god it's him"
"Becky oh my fuckin' god it's Eminem"
"I swear to fucking god dude you fucking rock"
"Please Marshall please let me suck your cock"
And by now the rest of the fellas get jealous
Especially when I drop the beat and do my acapellas
All the chicks start yellin', all the hot babes
Throw their bras and their shirts and their panties on stage
So like every single night they pick a fight with me
But when we fight it's kinda like sibling rivalry
Cause they're back on stage the next night with me
Dude I just think you're tryna steal the light from me
Yesterday Kuniva tried to pull a knife on me
Cause I told him Jessica Alba's my wife to be
This rock star shit, it's the life for me
And all the other guys just despise me because


These chicks don't even know the name of my band...
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands...
Cause once I blow they know that I'll be the man...
All because I'm the lead singer of my band...
My band 


You just wanna see a nigga backwards, don't you?
Hey dad how come we don't rap on Protools
Smash these vocals and do a performance
But we in the van and he in a tour bus
You don't want my autograph, you's a liar
And no, I'm Swift (oh I thought you were Kuniva)
What the hell is wrong with that dressing room
Cause my shit is looking smaller than a decimal
See I know how to rap, it's simple but
All I did was read a Russell Simmons book
So I'm more intact, tryna get on the map
Doin' jumping jacks while get whipped on my back


Look at Em little punk ass thinkin' he the shit
Yeah I know man find himself taking on a flick
Hey I thought we had an interview with DJ Clue
( No, I had an interview, not you two)
You gonna be late for soundcheck
Man I ain't goin' to soundcheck
But our mics are screwed up and his always sound best
You know what man I'ma say something
Hey yo Em
( You got something to say?!)
Man no
I thought you's bout to tell him off, man, what's up?
Man I'ma tell him when I feel like it, man shut up
And you ain't back me up when we supposed to be crew
When I was bout to talk right after you
I swear, I swear man


These chicks don't even know the name of my band...
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands...
Cause once I blow they know that I'll be the man...
All because I'm the lead singer of my band...


They say the lead singers rock, but the group does not
Once we sold out arenas to the amusement park
I'm gonna let the world know that proof is hot
I should cut his mic off when the music starts
Hey yo it's... Ready to snap on a dumb ass fan
Every time I hear, "Hey dude I love your band."
We ain't a band bitch, we don't play instruments
So why he get 90 and we only get 10 percent
And these guys they can find every area code
( Proof carry my bag)
Bitch carry your own
Can't make it to the stage, security in my way
(Who the fuck are you? Where's Obie and Dre?!)


Goddammit I'm sick of this group
Time for me to go solo and make some loot
I told you I made the beats and wrote all the raps
Till Kon Artist slipped me some crack
Lose Yourself video I was in the back
Superman video I was in the back
For the media, I got some suggestions
Fuck Marshall, ask us the questions
Like "Who's D12? How we get started."
(But what about Eminem?)
Bitch are you retarded?
Anyway I'm the popularest guy in the group
Big ass stomach, bitches think I'm cute (hey sexy)
50 told me to do situps to get buff
I did two and a half and couldn't get up
Fuck D12, I'm outta this band
I'm gonna start a group with the real Roxanne


Girl why cant you see you're the only one for me
And it just tears my ass apart to know that you don't know my name...


These chicks don't even know the name of my band... (ha ha)
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands... (Fuck Marshall)
Cause once I blow I know that I'll be the man...
All because I'm the lead singer of my band...
My band 
Roxanne
Shatan
Loves me


The hottest boy band in the world...
D12!


I'm the lead singer of my band, I get all the girls to take off their underpants
I'm the lead singer of my band, my salsa
Makes all the pretty girls want to dance
My salsa, well, look out for my next single, it's called "My Salsa"
My salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa, my salsa
My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance
And take off their underpants
My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance
And take off their underpants, my salsa
(Where'd everybody go?)