Ya better come inside when you're ready to 
But no chance if ya don't wanna dance 
You like four letter words when you're ready to 
But then you won't 'cos you know that you can 

You got it, but are you gettin' it? 

You say that love is won when you get some 
But then your finger won't trigger the gun 

You know you (ya) can't stop it 
so don't rock it 
You know you got it 

Hey, but are you gettin' it? 
really gettin' it? 
Come get it from me 

Gimme all of you lovin' - ev'ry little bit 
Gimme all that you got - ev'ry bit of it 
Ev'ry bit of your lovin - oh, c'mon live a bit 
Never want it to stop 

Yeah, but are you gettin' it? - Armageddon it! 
Ooh, really gettin' it? - Yes, Armaggedon it! 

You try comin' on when you need some... 
But then you don't 'cos you already did 
Yeah, you jangle your jewels while your shakin' ya... 
And drive the pretty boys outta their heads 

You got it, but are you gettin' it? 

You flash your bedroom eyes like a jumpin' jack... 
Then play it pretty with a pat on the back 

You know you (ya) can't stop it 
So don't rock it 
You know you got it 
Hey, but are you gettin' it? 
Ooh, really gettin' it? 
Come get it from me 





C'mon, Steve, get it 

 
Take it, take it, take it from me 
I got an itchy finger following me 
Pull it, pull it, c'mon trigger the gun 
'Cos the best is (a) yet to come, I say 
'Cos the best is yet to come 

Are you gettin' it? Really gettin' it? 
Yes, are you gettin' it, really gettin' it? 
Oh, come get it from me 

Gimme all of you lovin' - ev'ry little bit 
Gimme all that you got - ev'ry bit of it 
Ev'ry bit of your lovin' - Oh come on live a bit 
Never want it to stop - Oh, are you getting it? 
Gimme all of your lovin' - Ooh really gettin' it? 
Gimme all that you got - Oh are you getting it? 
Gimme all of your lovin' - Oh live a bit 
Gimme all that you got - Whoa, live a bit 

You've got to live it - gimme all of your lovin' 
Ooh baby live it - gimme all that you got 
C'mon and give it - ev'ry bit of your lovin' 
Oh come on and give it - Never want it to stop 
Oh are you gettin' it? - Gimme all of your lovin' 
Ooh really gettin' it? - Gimme all that you got 
Oh are you gettin' it? - Ev'ry bit of your lovin' 
Oh live a bit - Never want it to stop