Watch me ride...
Take the words and the bass,
Taste, and then swallow me,
You're chasing the devil
Cos you're level if you follow me
For quality, and I make no apology
For linking my thinking with computer technology.
Cos this is like a modern day hymn
For the new church,
I search for the truth,
I've got a hole in my tooth,
I'm uncouth, yes sir,
I'm from the street university
Where we learn to earn even in times of adversity.
And I will find it a easy when you're out a hard time,
Petite crime sometimes,
But now I'm inclined to find
A fresh direction, kiss me neck,
Check out the funky section.
Cos this is the part where I start to rip up words,
A comfort coming straight from my heart,
I'm not a mystic,
My views are realistic, simplistic,
One special brew I get pissed quick,
And get sick so I don't do it no more,
I won't find peace of mind
Rolling around on the floor.
The point I want to make,
The mistake is to take without giving,
From within,
You know how I'm living,
I'm cool, I'm looking after myself,
And I could never place wealth before my spirit,
I feel it's unhealthy,
The devil creep around you so stealthy, stealthy
'Till you get bold, rush the gold,
And before you're much older,
You're soul is sold, where's it getting ya,
Competition starts swearing ya,
Gold-diggers setting you up,
Soon be forgetting your existence,
Do you need a for instance,
I have to admire your persistence
In sticking to a game plan,
That brings you pain man,
And at the end of the day nothing is gained,
So listen to the voice within,
I'll see ya later,
Pay heed to the Grand Oral Disseminator.
Quite still you feel there's nothing going on
until you realize the space behind your
eyes is filling up with something like peace
as your thoughts cease some pleasure grows in your soul.
I aint a Christian
Sometimes I feel like diss'in em
But listen I'm just trying to tell you what I know
if you would once relax, chill to the max
these words on wax will cause sweet bells to ring in your soul.
If I say God is alive I know you'll want to know why babies die, food don't grow.  Why?
Trains smash, plans crash,
situation mash and slam bam
your fellow man - money's in fashion
it aint rational, because dammit, he didn't just give us the planet
and its wealth, inside your soul he left a piece of himself, his voice is small
I keep lying and trying,
Denying the call from inside
You can't hide responsibility
So decide from today just who it's going to be,
Thou shalt have no other God but me,
So set you free see,
But you'll have to listen,
And who's that false idol
I see you kissing?
Money, success and untold wealth, good health
And all you have to do is love yourself.
It's a fact you'll attract all the things that you lack,
So just chill
And get off the race track
And take a pace back, face facts,
It's your decision,
You don't need eyes to see,
You need vision,
Continue to view the lord as being separated
And you'll be living a lie that's being perpetrated,
For many centuries, I'm on a mission I want to mention these facts,
These facts in my rap,
I don't sing,
But I want to share the peace that they bring,
My name is G.O.D.
The Grand Oral Disseminator.