
Ey yo, ey yo, ey yo uh, ey yo uh
Ey yo, ey yo, ey yo uh
Yeah


I hate rich niggas goddammit
Cause I ain't never had a lot dammit
Who you had to kill, who you had to rob
Who you had to fuck just to make it to the top dammit.
Or maybe that's daddy money, escalator no ladder money
Escalating new caddy money
Worst fear going broke cause I'm bad with money.
Crookest smile nigga momma never had the money damn
I ain't trippin' a nigga Jordan I ain't Pippen yeah
Up the steps I ain't slippin'
Tears blood sweat I ain't crippled
Here's a song you can sing along with when you down
On some let you know you ain't alone shit
When your momma ain't at home cause she got a second job
Delivering pizzas, you think she out there getting robbed
Please God watch her I know how niggas do
Half cracker but a nigga too.
Talking all that shit 'bout your step-pops
How he was a dog now look at you
I ain't bad as that nigga, plus dawg I'm a grown man now
I ain't mad at that nigga
But if a plane crashed and only it killed his lame ass
I'd be glad as that nigga
Did Kay dirty now it's back to broke
Refund check she used that to float.
Momma gets depressed falls in love with the next maniac
On crack used that to cope.
Make a nigga smoke a whole sack of dope
Writing rhymes tryna bring back the hope
Try to ride the storm out and crash the boat
Could have drowned but I grabbed the rope

And there go you, and there go you, and there go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew
And there go you, and there go you, and there go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew
Said,


You got what I want
I got what you need
How much for your soul and uh
How much for your soul and uh


I hate rich niggas goddammit
Cause I ain't never had a lot dammit
Niggas can't front on the flows you got
But every fucking verse how much dough you got
Homie, don't quit now, hear my shit and try to switch now.
Know you felt the shit just now, know you felt the shit just now
Ain't it more to you? Don't it ever get boring to you?
I realize deep down you a coward getting high off of power
Fuck it, more to you.
So I threw you and it made me ashamed that I played the game
Not for more money like Damon Wayons
Wanted the respect but it came with fame
I just wanted love but this ain't the same
I took a train down memory lane and watched little Jermaine do his thang before he made a name
It's like Sony signed Basquiat
He gave it all he got, now the nigga don't paint the same.
I guess he can't complain
All the money that be raining in
Spend a hundred thou for the chain again
Thinking old school niggas like Dana Dane
Probably kill for another claim to fame
My brain the same, yeah nigga at least he ain't insane.
At least he ain't insane.
You ain't crazy motherfucker you just afraid of change.
That's new, maybe that's true
But listen here, I got a bigger fear
Of one day that I become you.
And I become lost and I become heartless
And numb from all the Ménages
Just one bitch don't feel the same no more
And Henny don't really kill the pain no more
Now I'm Cobain with a shotgun aimed at my brain cause I can't maintain no more.
Tad bit extreme I know.
Money can't save your soul.

But there go you, there go you, there go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew
And there go you, and there go you, and there go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew


You got what I want
I got what you need
How much for your soul and uh
How much for your soul and uh