
Seriously man,
Like, you know when you got a good girl,
Or you know when she means something to you, &amp; you've got like, a name.


Here we go again
Here we go


Like I had a name for this girl, I used to call her "Ladybird",
Cos she always played red, in Connect Four.


Link em &amp; leave then em high,
I've been telling all my man's for time,
Link em and then leave em high,
They never take my advice,
But now I realise, I realise why,
They have not been listening all this time,
Cos since I linked you, last night,
I wont be taking my advice


Look,
I call her "Nite nite"
'cause she sleeps from the day right to the bright light,
and I like her too much to say bye bye,
But we getting on fine right,
I don't wanna spoil it,
I don't why I can't commit to girls,
And I tell white lies, I'll find out the hard way,
Cos she got my favourite smile, her favourite style,
The first hotel, My favourite time,
And later we could have a baby, maybe a baby boy, my favourite child,
"I'm way too tired", My favourite lie,
My verse on so sure, her favourite rhyme
The windows are steaming up like it's naked time,
Wait, we're way too bait,
I bought her favourite shoes, or they better be,
And she's even my favourite size,
And she knows I hate holding hands, and I'm hooded up when it's
bait inside,
So I guess she's my favorite, right?


Right,
Cos nothing comes close to you.


So numbers? No boys are taking yours,
And no girls are taking mine,
Groupies? f*** that, I'm taking time,
We speak from like 8 till late at night,
When we gets on top, drop my favourite line:


Girl, I ain't going nowhere.


I plain ain't going nowhere,
But, I like you, and it might take some time,
But really I'm like:


Here we go again,




I call her sometimes, and I wake her up at some dumb times,
Touch my phone, and her number my thumb finds,
Cos she's ideal, like a nice meal, and a night in, with a nice feel,
Maybe some wine,
Maybe sometime we could hold hands in the park, in the sunshine,
Sometimes,
Be patient with me if I got 3 raves in a week,
Or in a studio, away for a week,
One day we could book a vacation and leave,
But please: "No drama", I don't need beef like shane, forbe, fabian an dean,
I'm just focused on making the peas, Breaking the team, Chasing a dream,
I ain't on the street, maybe sometimes,
But you can't say I don't make enough time,
We speak everyday and meet every week,
So I dunno. Maybe it's me.
You? You got it planned out,
I don't make plans,
You know me, I wait and I see,
But if we were together, or even now,
If we weren't "sort-of", but were together,
Would you be faithful to me?
Treat me massage me, and make me a tea?
Come link me, lay and wake up from sleep, and look hot like 80 degrees?


And you know I never say that sort of thing


See? That's an angel to me
I wouldn't have said that before, you get me?




No, no, no, no, no, no
Oh my, my, ow,
Baby we could do this again sometime,
I even have a special name for you,
It's "Long Baby", cos you always on my mind, yeah.
I'll tell you straight, so straight, yeah,
I won't tell my mates,
No, no, I know, No, I know,
Yeah I like you,
Here we go,
Here we go again,
Here we,
Here we go again.