Well, Billy rapped all night about his suicide
How he'd kick it in the head when he was twenty-five
Speed jive, don't want to stay alive
When you're twenty-five

And Wendy's stealing clothes from Marks and Sparks
And Freddy's got spots from ripping off the stars
From his face
Funky little boat race

Television man is crazy
Saying we're juvenile deliquent wrecks
Oh, man, I need TV when I got T-Rex
Oh, brother, you've guessed, I'm a dude, dad

All the young dudes (Hey, dudes!)
Carry the news (Where are you?)
Boogaloo dudes (Stand up, come on!)
Carry the news

All the young dudes (I want to hear you!)
Carry the news (I want to see you!)
Boogaloo dudes (And I want to talk to you! All of you!)
Carry the news

Now Lucy looks sweet 'cause he dresses like a queen
But he can kick like a mule, it's a real mean team
But we can love
Oh yes, we can love

And my brother's back at home with his Beatles and his Stones
We never got it off on that revolution stuff
What a drag
Too many snags

Now I've drunk a lot of wine and I'm feeling fine
Got to race some cat to bed
Oh, is there concrete all around or is it in my head?
Yeah, I'm a dude, dad

All the young dudes (Hey, dudes!)
Carry the news (Where are you?)
Boogaloo dudes (Stand up!)
Carry the news

All the young dudes (I want to hear you!)
Carry the news (I want to see you!)
Boogaloo dudes (And I want to relate to you!)
Carry the news

All the young dudes (What dudes?)
Carry the news (Let's hear the news, come on!)
Boogaloo dudes (I want to kick you!)
Carry the news

All the young dudes (Hey, you there, with the glasses!)
Carry the news (I want you!)
Boogaloo dudes (I want you at the front!)
Carry the news (Now you, all his friends!)

All the young dudes (Now you bring him down, 'cause I want him!)
Carry the news
Boogaloo dudes (I want him right here, bring him, come on!)
Carry the news (Bring him, ha ha, here you go!)

All the young dudes (I've wanted to do this for years, ha ha ha!)
Carry the news (There you go!)
Boogaloo dudes (How do you feel?)
Carry the news