I', I' actually waitin on the bus now
He said we have some kind of special assignment or something
He' supposed to be callin?me, like any minute now, any minute
Hold on, hold on, lemme get the phone
Hello? Jackson here
Ya, what? you found Manuel Noreaga?
In the Phillipines?
He has a mansion?
Ok, we on it, on it, right now... right

(Noreaga and Neptunes)
What, what, what, what, what, what, what,(what, what, what)
What, what, what, what, what, what, what,(what, what, what)
What, what, what, what, what, what, what,(what, what, what)
What, what, what, what, what, what, what,(what, what, what)(superstar)
What, what, what, what, what, what, what,(what, what, what)
What, what, what, what, what, what, what,(what, what, what)
What, what, what, what, what, what, what,(what, what, what)
What, what, what, what, what, what, what,(what, what, what)(superstar)



Aiyyo, we light a candle
Run laps around the english channel
Neptunes, I got a cockerspaniel
We on the run now, yo, it ain' no fun now
And where I go, you niggas can' even come now
You ain' the lord, nigga, break it, I don' care
And when ya get caught, remember that I don' care
N.O.R.E., nuthin but the atmosphere
Yo for now we on the run, yo if that ain' clear
Weak niggas wanna stick, you but that ain' fair
You we down in vegas, money, skies too courageous
And yo, I' on the run, but still rip stages
And call me animal thug, when I' in cages
I used to proof phrases, rolled dice with no aces
Now I' just included in the oasis
Gotta take faces, no time for car races
Check my sky, tell I got five pages




Yo hit Lousiana, then Atlanta, Indiana
Forget a city slicker got country grammar
Aiyyo we goin places, where my sound scan ain' tough
So when I say I ain' Nore, yo it ain' that rough
I leave the jake in my fake, askin all this stuff
I gotta keep my mouth shut and don' say what, what
But yo its hard to, Netherlands got the heart to
Yo from New Orleans, L.A., V.A. to Queens
The I-95, now we hit the Phillipines
But now its different, we gotta stay sober
Yo, communicate, startech, motorola
Keep it on the hush hush, don' talk to much
Thugged out entertainment, you know we touch
All our whips got navigation
While you whips is just garbation
Is you knowin what you facin?




This is the life yo, of a superstar
Fly ass mansions ,and a million cars
Gotta get the cash yo
And its live or die
The Neptunes and Noreaga
The limit is the sky ...hit em?

Yo, lemme, do it again, do with the wind
Last album was a eight, this one is a ten
And when Capone come home, we gon?triple the cent
Yo I love my family, treat my folks of kin
Rockin air and better, like a Mexican
Shottin?at my pops, cause yo next to him
He told me every thug nigga is a gentlemen
So I took heed, take my time sitll won' speed
Yo a nigga got kids, so my family need
A little more than they used to get
Real, not the duplicate
Takin no fours, makin y'll just recoupin?it
Doin'it up, tell me whatcha wanna do wit?it
Capone's plan, passport to foreign lands
Overseas in Japan, politickin with Chan
Yo, N-E-P-T-U-N-E-S
The way they lace a beat like on of the best, what?





yo, N.O.R.E., Nore, sep?fo?now we on the run eatin
yo, N.O.R.E., Nore, sep?fo?now we on the run eatin
yo, N.O.R.E., Nore, sep?fo?now we on the run eatin