Oh baby
I dedicate this to all the pretty girls
All the pretty girls
Its on 
All the pretty girls, in the world
And the ugly girls too
Cause to me your pretty anyways baby


You give me your number, I call you up
You act like your pussy don't interrupt
I don't have no trouble with you fucking me
But I have a little problem wit you not fucking me
Baby you know I'm gonna take care of you
Cause you say you got my baby, and I know it ain't true
Is it a good thing? no its bad bitch
For good or worse, makes you switch
So I walk on over with my crystal
Bitches, niggas put away your pistols
Dirty wont be having it in this house
Cause bitch I'll cripple your style
Now that you heard my calm voice
You couldn't get another nigga, hoochie wont get moist
If you wanna look good and not be bummy, girl you better give me that money
Aooow...


Hey, dirty, baby I got your money
Don't your worry, I said hey.
Baby I got your money



Yo! so I glanced at the girls, girls glanced at me
I whispered in their ear, wanna be with me?
You wanna look pretty though, in my video
Ol' dirty on the hat and I let you all know
Just dance! if you caught up in the holy ghost trance
If you stop! I'm gonna put the killer ants in your pants
I'm the O-D-B as you can see
Every eye, don't you be watching me
I don't want no problems cause I put you down
In the ground where you can not be found
I'm just dirt dog trying to make sum bunny
So give me my streaks and give me my honey
Radio, yes all day, everyday
Recognize I'm a fool and ya love me!
None of you nmph better look at me funny
Nmph you know my name now give me my money!


Dirty: sing it, sing it girls! (during hook)
Just shake it right now!
Somebody else: if dirty want his money
I think you all should give him his money
Dirty: that's how I like girl

Sexy, sexy, sexy!
Sexy, sexy, sexy!

Sexy, sexy, sexy!
Sexy, sexy, sexy!


Yo, yo!
Nigga playing in the club like this all night
Bitches put your ass out let me hold it tight
You looking at my wrist saying "its so nice"
The price bitch is diamonds shining disco light
You better help me solve this problem
Or I'm gonna get this money and rob them
Lucky dig when I won the lotto
Ran up on my car for carrying (ryllos?)
You can call me dirty, and then lift up your skirt
And you want some of this dirty, god made dirt and dirt bust yo ass
Stop annoying me, yeah! I play my music loud
It takes the bastard ol' dirty, to move the crowd
They say he had his dick in his mouth
Eddie Murphy told me that back in the house
But give me my money!

