
I'll give you anything you'll ever need and I'll find a way to turn you into a monster. Me and you we can rule the world 'cause no ones gonna mess with me I'm a monster. I'll give you anything you'll ever need and I'll find a way to turn you into a monster Me and you we can rule the world 'cause no ones gonna fuck with me I'm a monster.


Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde saw a chick walking with a big behind, now i'm stalking my victim, i'm unrecognisable 'cause I'm in disguise.
Into eyes and hers were green, crept up behind but she turned and screamed
Everybody turned to see, I tried to run, tripped up and hurt my knee- I cant believe that she got away.
Think of all the love that we could of made? Jade, I really did mess it up I ruined my only chance with a sugababe.
Now I'm a bit ticked off, back to the flat, hat and kick's off, to relax with a glass of milk, apparently Pixie drinks Lotts?


I'll give you anything you'll ever need and I'll find a way to turn you into a monster. Me and you we can rule the world 'cause no ones gonna mess with me I'm a monster. I'll give you anything you'll ever need and I'll find a way to turn you into a monster Me and you we can rule the world 'cause no ones gonna fuck with me I'm a monster.


No so so shit not from me, not Pro, no me?
My flows so piff, Quasimodo with a dick bigger than both my legs it looks like a pogo stick.
Admitted I am a fruit loop, Frankenstein with a screw loose, in search of a new neck bolt, how long will this neck hold?
I'll be fine with a needle and thread, a lid of Jack an I'm evil again, scheming again, introduce me to anyone decent and I'll find evil in them.
Everybody's P.C., I don't feel them, if I could I would kill them.
Before I go I'd like to say thanks to Peter Andre for looking after my children.


There aint a line I aint took too far, to find me you aint even gotta look hard.
Don't get it confused I'm a crook star. Pubert, I was born with a moustache.
There aint a line I aint took too far, to find me you aint even gotta look hard.
Don't get it confused I'm a crook star. Pubert, I was born with a moustache
I'm a monster! 


I'll give you anything you'll ever need and I'll find a way to turn you into a monster. Me and you we can rule the world 'cause no ones gonna mess with me I'm a monster. I'll give you anything you'll ever need and I'll find a way to turn you into a monster Me and you we can rule the world 'cause no ones gonna fuck with me I'm a monster.