
(Rich Gang)
If you hating, you just need some pussy. (Rich)
She fucked up when she gave me some pussy.
Say, "I fuck you better than that other nigga."
She say Tune, "I'm 'bout to cum, " I say, "I'm cumming with ya."
And she don't like them pretty niggas s'diddy niggas
She ride this dick her titties jiggle
That's my pillows.
That's because I sleep in that hoe
Hit it when I wake up tell the pigs I say, "Asalaam Alaykum uh."
My bitch a choosy lover never fuck without a rubber.
Sweet yellow bone thing I call her honey mustard.
Pussy like a sea shell.
Dick like a V12.
She say I drive her crazy.
I say just keep on your seat belt.
Bend it over bust it open for me
Baby bend it over bust it open for me
Yeah, she say she love me, she just love this dick.
I put that million dollar pussy on me make me rich.
Tunechi.


She got that million dollar, million dollar oooo ooo ooo. 
And all I wanna do is touch it, touch it, touch it, ooo ooo oo
Make her tap out, tap out, tap out, tap out, tap out
And I'm a make her tap out, tap out, tap out, tap out, tap out (all day, all night)


Crib made her tap out,
Sauna made her tap out,
Jet made her tap out,
Pilot with the map out.
Million on the diamonds, million on the kitchen, millions on the Maybach, glass top ceiling.
Million dollar pussy, sleeping on Versace, sleeping on the Fendi, sleeping on Cavalli,
Married to the money,
Millions in the bank.
Alexander McQueen, rich in the paint.


I got that fuck you if you love me on some nigga shit.
She got that million dollar 7 figure nigga rich.
We switch positions like we doing yoga in this bitch.
She get to shaking then stiff


She got that million dollar, million dollar oooo ooo ooo. 
And all I wanna do is touch it, touch it, touch it, ooo ooo oo
Make her tap out, tap out, tap out, tap out, tap out
And I'm a make her tap out, tap out, tap out, tap out, tap out


Million dollar pussy, million dollar pussy
Six inch pumps, play with his balls, dunks
Bald head, yup, don't want no Forest Gumps
Don't let me tell ya twice, already told ya once
Eat that pussy
Who got the baddest pussy on the planet
D boys love me they don't understand it
Oooooh deep throat (Rich Gang)
Million dollar pussy might pounce on that ass
Throw them hundreds 'til I lose counts on that ass
Max out all of them accounts on that ass
Million dollar cheques don't bounce on that ass
Pull up in that you can't afford this
Only rap bitch on the Forbes list
Pussy jewelry make 'em say burr man, rubs hands like Birdman


She got that million dollar (Rich Gang)
Million dollar oooo ooo ooo (rich girl)
She got that million dollar (sexy slim, I see you, paradise home)
Million dollar oooo ooo ooo (flossing while you're shining and jumping out a Bugatti)
And all I wanna do is touch it, touch it, touch it, ooo ooo oo
Make her tap out, tap out, tap out, tap out, tap out (fuck the money game up) (why? I don't know)
And I'm a make her tap out, tap out, tap out, tap out, tap out (yeah, Sweet D)
Love you baby girl


I'm in love with your Egyptian skin
And your talk about religion
I'm in prison with the pussy
And I'm fallin', no cushion