
What's on the mind... of a Black Man right now?
I wonder...

Ain't it hard enough... to raise your sons and your daughters up?
Without dealing with the racist stuff
Man I just got out of prison trying hard as fuck
And it seem like its a green light on anyone with my skin type
Get pulled up before a tail-light and get shot
Know what dat feel like? Man it real life
We ain't have to be brought here man, real life
But the fact is that we all here
If you don't like, you shud've left us where we were
Bruh, its all your fault, see L.O.L. J.K. J.K. yeah
Everybody seem cool bout it yeah
Reparation that never happen, but we ain't just gon be abused by it ya'll, wait a minute
I'm confused, I thought every man was treated equal, read it in the constitution, yeah only when they feel like sticking to it
But U.S.A. the greatest nation in the world, dat my story and I'm sticking to it
Kepp sticking to it


Letter to the System (yeah)
For my brothers in them prisons (yeah)
And the soldiers there that be feeding to your bullshit (say bitches, us or else)
Man, this shit designed to beat us
You should to find wonder little bus
Sick of the way you treat us, this some bullshit (say bitches, us or else)
{Yeah, you on my shit list, yeah}
Letter to the system {You dig?}
I hop you bitches listen {You dig?}
Stay the fuck out of my business (Bitches, us or else) {Minding Minding my business, yeah}
Fucking rebel  {You dig?}
All of my 48 {You Dig?}
You leave us (Bitch, us or else)


Man, these fools vote on Instagram, they don't give a damn
Grandma on the phone screaming "Oh Boy Oh Boy"
Damn and she ain't never heard of Killa Cam
Clocks feeling like a ceiling fan
She remember back when Martin Luther, he would march and Marchin' at the Million Man and that shit begin again
Man, they got the problem solver for y'all, .38s and revolvers
They should've never involved us
Probably knew that white women would stalk us
Neiman to Marcus,  , Narcotic Targets, walkin' and jogging walk out of Target
Stop and risk police going in my pocket
Drug search over illegal parking?
Drug dog, when they me they barking
Black skin at the target, black for sale at the black market
And its all for free, we don't ask for nothing
I got me, I ain't backwards hustling
We got us, we ain't taxing us
Get yo ass back back back back back back to the back of the bus


Letter to the System, (yeah)
For my brothers in them prisons (yeah)
And the soldiers there that be feeding to your bullshit (say bitches, us or else)
Man, this shit designed to beat us
You should to find wonder little bus
Sick of the way you treat us, this some bullshit (say bitches, us or else)
{Yeah, you on my shit list, yeah}
Letter to the system {You dig?}
I hop you bitches listen {You dig?}
Stay the fuck out of my business (Bitches, us or else) {Minding Minding my business, yeah}
Fucking rebel  {You dig?}
All of my 48 {You Dig?}
You leave us (Bitch, us or else)