
Time to get that profit all in,
Won't rest 'til all my niggers rocket ballin',
I don't even think I stopped this mornin',
I'm that nigger that usually gets them "What's it called's" in,
I'm caught, when it's time to get that shoppin' sorted,
Oh, this Armani blazer, which I got imported,
Yeah, I like that whip, 'cause I'm on the bands, only reason I ain't dropped that forty,
Hot chicks see me on the street and they stop and call me,
Want me to get my willy out so they can toss it for me,
Got 'em goin' topless for me,
When she grope it for me,
Really got me horny,
Record label contract, my lawyers got it for me,
Dotted all the I's and the T's, can you cross 'em for me?
You can try and put your crosses on me,
I watch hate, I got shooters that'll watch it for me.


I'm heavy, I'm colder,
Better me know, sir,
I could tear apart MC's but I'd rather read a book on childcare by Kerry Katona,
No nice, 'cause I run out of it,
Dumb it down a bit,
Ain't somethin' I'm prepared to do,
When I ain't ever gonna run out of lip,
Here's something I prepared for you,
I tried to relax, but being spaced it inspires me back,
When will I be nice to Katie Price?
The day I see a cage fighter in drag, ah,
I don't wanna tomorrow without friction
Jump into it, both feet first
And makes foes eat their words
And sit and watch 'em swallow their own diction


Uh, iSHi distort that bass
Man grew up on a raw estate,
Now, everytime I draw my dates,
They're like 'How the fuck d'you afford this place?',
First place, first place, first place,
Try and act up and I'ma address that, call it, but I fuck up the man in the place,
Bitch, I'm great, for goodness sake,
I ain't got a queue 'cause they know my face,
Glance at my watch tryin' to wind up on me,
I was that I ain't got time to waste, get it?
I ain't got time to waste, get it?
Try an get hype in my face, regret it
Got a big pitbull and I don't remember the last time i fed it...


Let me grieve for the beat before I murder it,
Don't know my name by now? You shoulda heard of it,
Why? 'cause I'm murdering,
Anybody lurking in, close proximity, circling,
Make an example of men when I stride in,
Dev's i got a tiny temper,
I'm observing this, learning,
But know I'm just yearning to burn it,
I'll fight your agenda,
Lock me up, might high risk offender
Make a man turn on his own team, like an Irish defender,
I'm a rhyming inventor that's climbing to heights you're not meant to,
The game's over, so roll over,
I'm sober, but I'll still kidnap a so called soldier,
In a boat I'll row into dover, yeah it's over, the game's over.


Put up your lighters, I clash the Titans,
Fight the fighters, might fight the biters,
Spit to my throat, got tonsillitis,
That's on a Monday mornin', ha
Takin' over, run straight past you
No warning that I rule disaster,
Harder, faster, stronger, longer,
This one here was top of the classroom,
Stop the lecture, drop the pressure,
Never say never, but nevertheless
I never say no to experiments, whether it's tenements, clubs, yards, spitting with eloquence,
Positive sentiments, having a hell of a time and it's evident
Don't question my relevance, I've started on this so I'm back in my element.


Uh, I open my mouth, niggers panic,
The jewels, the liabilities, mmm, I'm the asset,
Underdogs are barking up, shh, hush puppy,
My new chain's got red and blue ice, man, I call it my slush puppy,
Yeah, let me clap them with the reminder flow,
I was best new comer, err, time ago,
Yeah, you've all passed you sell by date to me,
I'm different,
nigger, I sell out when you're at the venue and date to me.


Now it's game over,
Kick him out the team, I heard he's snaking, he's a cobra
Could have lived the dream but now your days are done, it's over,
Should have remembered scheming and you're looking for a shoulder,
To lean on, to wipe your tears on, it's over.

Breathe, breathe.
First track.
My clouds are black.
My shades are black
let me go.


They better let me go, let me loose,
I'm frozen cold, my veins are blue,
Hell to home, but satan proof,
Good as gold, my angels flew,
Yo, they can't knock down mine,
Cuffs on flows I lock down lines,
I am not human, real life mutant,
Ask Mick Foley, I'm not Mankind,
Yeah, look under my eyelids,
All red, I bleed from the iris,
Like i've been toking on weed, highest,
Now my brain's on freeze, minus
Yeah, I ain't letting it melt,
I'm stark, haze, I'm letting it fill,
Silent this now separate that,
I stay here I ain't letting it jail, ill.