
Yeah (Yeaaaahhhh!)
Theres a lotta fuck niggas in the club tonight,
(fuck em, fuck em, fuck em)
but its gonna be aight, (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
cuz me and my clique we dont give a fuck nigga.
Trick Daddy, Jim Johnson, Big D, Lil Jon


Lets Gooooo! (Lets Gooooo!)
If you want it you can get it let me know (let me know),
I'm bout to fuck a nigga up, Lets Gooooo! (Lets Gooooo!)
If you want it you can get it let me know (let me know),
I'm bout to fuck a nigga up, Lets Gooooo! (Lets Gooooo!)


If you want some, come get some,
cuz where I'm from we tote big guns,
And everybody know somebody that 
know somebody that know somethin bout it,
And I want answers now who, what, where, 
when and why,
see, a lotta dudes like to act a fool 
and all get all loud but that aint my style,
and he who he gonna get and what he gonna do,
run up on me if he want to,
Out there impressin his homies,
but he stood up in front of his mama,
I mop up the flo wit em,
And I kick in the door and let the .44 get em,
I got fools that'll go get em,
That's for him, his crew and the dudes that run wit em.




gotta spit for the murderas and the 
killas and the thugstas,
that be fuckin up the ballas and 
the dealas and the hustlas,
got me comin at you bokas in the 
V.I. while they bumpin lil jon I'm a brush ya,
Its the psycho nigga twista from 
Chicago rollin with the Miami nigga that'll crush ya,
We already been lookin for drama 
if a nigga try to get it to then we still gotta get em,
Feelin fury from my tough shit that cant never be true
And the penicillin 
I'm telling you Trick of in and still em
Got me swingin crysie and hennessy bottles, 
in the club with my thug homies goin for the skrilla,
Don't get it twisted with that 
overnight celebrity you better be scared 
of me in my city I'm a killa.




I ain't that rappin type arright,
and I that actin type arright,
this sulphane in my script,
I'm a play on you and you just a square,
see, once that hennessy into 
me the whole industry is my enemy,
If you aint no ten to me or friend to me,
bitch don't pretend to be,
I'm strictly for the thugs,
I'm part of the streets and straight out the hood,
That moments ghetto (ghetto),
Got me deep in gats for you wheezly cats,
I'm straight out the county of Dade,
played on fire nigga M-I-A,
never gone south of the border,
americas most wanted you gonna get slaughtered.




The AK go chop, chop, chop, chop
The SK go fire, fire, fire, fire
The AK go chop, chop, chop, chop
The SK go fire, fire, fire, fire